feat: gather a random gif from the giphy connector (#39)
slack-samples/deno-give-kudos: README.md

Share warm kudos and kind words with anyone in your workspace using functions
and a workflow!

> This sample showcases built-in functions, a custom function, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample showcases Slack functions, a custom function, and
```

to match the site naming
